# hxlegacy2modern

The Spring AI project provides a Spring-friendly API and abstractions for developing AI applications. LangChain4j is an open-source Java library that simplifies the integration of LLMs into Java applications through a unified API, providing access to popular LLMs and vector databases. The Eclipse Deeplearning4J (DL4J) ecosystem is a set of projects intended to support all the needs of a JVM based deep learning application. Chronos is a language model engineered for autonomous bug localization. NocoBase is an extensibility-first, no-code/low-code platform for building business applications. node-red is a low-code programming for event-driven applications. OMWebbook is an interactive notebook and a web-based Modelica-Toolbox. Rule Designer is the Eclipse-based development environment for ODM. Gemini is a design system. OpenXava is a framework for developing effective management applications. Bonita empowers organizations with cutting-edge BPA. Hercules is an open-source software implementation of the mainframe System/370 and ESA/390 architectures. OpenSourceCOBOL4J is a COBOL compiler that translates COBOL programs to Java programs. JRecord is a Cobol IO for Java/JVM languages. Open COBOL ESQL 4J is an open-source Embedded SQL pre-compiler and run-time libraries for opensource COBOL 4J and PostgreSQL. ABAP OpenAPI is a generator tool. jOOQ is a library that generates Java code from your database metadata. SQLines is a set of tools designed to assist with database migration. SQL Translator is a tool for converting natural language queries into SQL code using AI. dbt enables data analysts and engineers to transform their data. Flyway is a database-migration tool. Zeppelin is a web-based notebook that enables data-driven, interactive data analytics and collaborative documents with SQL, Scala and Apache Spark. Enso is an interactive programming language with dual visual and textual representations. Compose is a machine learning tool for automated prediction engineering.